Add information about content view versions bulk deletion (#1250)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_deleting-multiple-content-view-versions.adoc

[id="Deleting_Multiple_Content_View_Versions_{context}"]
= Deleting Multiple Content View Versions

> You can delete multiple Content View Versions simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete multiple Content View versions simultaneously.
```

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Content Views*.

> . Click the Content View you want to delete versions of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select the Content View you want to delete versions of.
```

. On the *Versions* tab, select the check box of the version or versions you want to delete. 
. Click the vertical ellipsis icon at the top of the list of Content Views.
. Click *Delete* to open the deletion wizard that shows any affected environments.
. If there are no affected environments, review the details and click *Delete*. 

> . If there are any affected environments, the deletion wizard has the option to reassign any hosts or activation keys before deletion.

Author: @maximiliankolb would it be better if I changed this to "If there are any affected environments, reassign any hosts or activation keys"?

Reviewer: Yes, that's a good idea.

[id="Deleting_Multiple_Content_View_Versions_{context}"]
= Deleting Multiple Content View Versions

You can delete multiple content view versions simultaneously.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Content* > *Content View*.

> . Click the content view you want to delete versions of.

Reviewer 2: Capitalize Content View, also the other occurences below

. Navigate to the *Versions* tab.
. Select the check box of the version or versions you want to delete. 

> . Click the three dots icon at the top of the list of content views.

Reviewer 2: "Three dots icon" has a name, I think it might be the same as we were discussing recently here: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/1226#discussion_r860133777

Author: Hi Lena, I'll do that. There are also a couple of instances where this is referred to as three dots. I'll fix that and push another PR for it.

. Click *Delete*.
. Clicking delete opens the deletion wizard.

> . The deletion wizard displays any affected environments.

Reviewer 2: Squash into a single step, remove "clicking delete"

Reviewer 3: We don't document anything except for the user actions. None of the things that the UI does are relevant here. Delete these two steps as they are not user-oriented steps.

Author: Ack, Melanie.

Reviewer 2: @AkshayGadhaveRH I don't see this remark incorporated... will you?

Reviewer 2: Ohhh, sorry, my bad.

> . Click *Delete*.
> . Clicking delete opens the deletion wizard.
> . The deletion wizard displays any affected environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Delete* to open the deletion wizard that shows any affected environments.
```

. If there are no affected environments, review the details and click *Delete*. 

> . If there are any affected environments, the deletion wizard has the option to reassign any hosts or activation keys before deletion.

Reviewer 2: I'd make this into substeps of the previous step, itemized list

Reviewer 3: PLease no substeps :)

Reviewer 3: These are not steps all the same, especially line 16.

Author: @melcorr @Lennonka should I leave these two lines as they are then?

> . Review the details of the actions that will be performed upon deletion of these content view versions.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if we capitalize Content View Versions... @maximiliankolb Can you please weigh in?

Reviewer: Looking at existing docs, you cannot go wrong here:
```

foreman-documentation git:(master) git grep "Content View Version" | wc
      13     166    2133
foreman-documentation git:(master) git grep "Content View version" | wc
      31     566    6125
```

I don't really have a preference, do you?

If we come to a decision, I just might fix that real quick.

Reviewer 2: Okay, I'd go with "Content View version", because there are more occurences, so it's like the more established convention. How does that sound?

> . Review the details of the actions that will be performed upon deletion of these content view versions.

Reviewer 3: Please avoid the future tense. Read about it in the IBM Style guide.
